# io-hack-project
An IO Hack Project for team ANTS

As our project includes both a front-end application and a back-end server, running instructions will vary depending on which you want to run. The front-end requires the back-end to function; however, we are running a server with the back-end code running. This means the front end can be run without needing to run the back end on your computer.
_If you wish to run the backend, you need an API key and database authentication._

To get started:

To set up frontend requirements:
`cd client`
`npm run init`
`cd ..`

To set up backend requirements:
`cd server`
`pip3 install websockets`
`pip3 install firebase_admin`
`pip3 install --upgrade git+https://github.com/m-wrzr/populartimes`

To run, simultaneously run:
`cd client; npm start` (frontend) and
`cd server; python3 main.py` (backend)

Created by:
Ben Heard,
Ben Shi,
Cole Dewis,
Jacob Guglielmin and
Jerry Zhou

# Technology
Our project utilizes many different technologies, including:
- React JavaScript libraries to create a simple, yet effective, web app
- Cordova to package a web app into an android APK
- Google Maps Places API to get data on nearby locations and their popularity
- Popular times API, a python extension to Places API
- Cloud Firebase, a cloud based API, to store user ratings and display them to clients
- Websockets to allow the client and server to communicate

# Code Structure
Sparse operates with both a front end and back end. 

Inside the "client" folder you will find our front end application. This consists of the React project that creates our app. The front end communicates with the server and displays the information it recieves to the user. Several files are involved in the front end. Most are located in client/src

Inside the "server" folder you will find the back end. This is a python file that runs on our server. This file is designed to communicate with the Firebase DB and the Popular times API. When it recieves a request from the client, it will send the required data. The backend file is "main.py". This file will not run successfully without an API key and database authentication.

# Note
Since we used React to generate framework for our webapp and cordova to package our app into android, some files have been autogenerated by React/Cordova and thus are not written by us. 

In client/public, index.html

In client/scripts, prebuild.js

In client/src, serviceWorker.js and setupTests.js
